[GASPS]
NO, HE DIDN'T!
NO, HE DIDN'T.
HE DID NOT!
NO, HE DIDN'T!
SOUNDS LIKE HE DID, RAE.
HANG UP THE PHONE.
ALL RIGHT.
HE DIDN'T DO IT,
GIRL.
BYE.
RAE, WHEN YOU COME HOME,
THE LEAST YOU CAN DO
IS TALK TO ME.
SAY, "HI, DAD."
HI, DAD.
SO WHAT DO YOU WANT
TO TALK ABOUT?
WELL, UH...
WHAT HAPPENED
IN SCHOOL TODAY?
WELL, TYRONE
ASKED AMANDA
TO CRYSTAL'S PARTY,
BUT HE IS
STILL GOING OUT
WITH BEVERLY!
SO I WAS, LIKE,
"NO, HE DIDN'T."
AND THEN CHELS SAID,
"YES, HE DID,"
AND I WAS, LIKE,
"NO, HE DIDN'T."
RAE, RAE, RAE,
RAE, RAE, RAE.
I'M SORRY, I MEANT
WHAT'S HAPPENING
IN YOUR CLASS.
OHH, RIGHT. THE OTHER
PART OF SCHOOL.
NUTTIN'.
OH, WAIT!
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
MY MATH TEACHER
DID GIVE ME A NOTE.
LET ME GET IT
FOR YOU, DAD.
OK.
OH, HEY, WHAT'S UP, GIRL?
DO YOU HAVE ANY BOOKS
IN THIS BOOK BAG?
OF COURSE, I DO.
HERE. OH, WAIT. THAT
WAS THE TRAVEL IRON.
MY BAD. COMES IN
HANDY, THOUGH.
WHAT WAS I LOOKING
FOR AGAIN?
THE NOTE.
FROM YOUR TEACHER?
OHH, RIGHT.
HERE IT IS!
WAIT, WAIT.
WELL, IT SAYS THAT
YOUR MATH CLASS WILL BE
STARTING TRIGONOMETRY.
TRIGO-WHAT?
AHH.
AND IT SAYS THAT
YOU HAVE TO BUY
A SPECIAL SCIENTIFIC
CALCULATOR.
WHAT? THERE'S
NO MORE ROOM IN HERE!
RAE, DO YOU EVEN
LISTEN IN CLASS?
OH, OF COURSE,
I DO, DAD.
HOW ELSE WOULD I KNOW
THAT TYRONE WAS DATIN'
ANOTHER GIRL? PLEASE.
RAE, YOUR EDUCATION IS
IMPORTANT, AND YOU NEED
TO GET THIS CALCULATOR
EVEN IF IT DOES COST...
$100?!
WHAT?!
FOR $100 I COULD
PAY A NERD TO DO
MY HOMEWORK.
REALLY?
I ONLY USED TO GET 10.
I MEAN, UM...
HERE'S YOUR MONEY.
THANK YOU.
LET'S GO.
♪ IF YOU COULD GAZE
INTO THE FUTURE ♪
♪ FUTURE, FUTURE ♪
♪ YOU MIGHT THINK
LIFE WOULD BE A BREEZE ♪
♪ LIFE IS A BREEZE ♪
♪ SEEING TROUBLE
FROM A DISTANCE ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
GO, RAE!
♪ BUT IT'S NOT THAT EASY ♪
♪ OH, NO ♪
♪ I TRY TO SAVE
THE SITUATION ♪
♪ THEN I END UP
MISBEHAVIN' ♪
♪ OHH, WHOA, OH ♪
♪ HEY, NOW, SAY NOW ♪
♪ 'BOUT TO PUT IT DOWN,
YEAH ♪
♪ COME ON AND RIDE
WITH THE BREAK NOW ♪
♪ AND THE FUTURE
LOOKS GREAT NOW ♪
♪ AND EVERYTHING'S GONNA
CHANGE NOW ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S THE FUTURE
I CAN SEE ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S SO MYSTERIOUS
TO ME ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S THE FUTURE
I CAN SEE ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S SO MYSTERIOUS
TO ME, YEAH ♪
YEP, THAT'S ME.
RAE, THE CALCULATOR DEPARTMENT'S
ON A DIFFERENT FLOOR.
IN A DIFFERENT STORE.
IN A DIFFERENT MALL.
HEY, HEY. AS LONG
AS WE'RE HERE,
WE MIGHT AS WELL SEE
WHAT IS NEW.
HEY, YOU KNOW
I'M DOWN.
EDDIE, I DON'T KNOW WHERE
YOU GET THE PATIENCE.
YOU ALWAYS END UP
SHOPPING WITH US GIRLS
AND YOU NEVER COMPLAIN.
YEAH, WELL, IT'S
A SACRIFICE I MAKE
FOR MY FRIENDS.
EXCUSE ME.
YES, THAT IS
DEFINITELY YOUR COLOR.
COME ON, RAE,
LET'S GO GET YOUR CALCULATOR
SO WE CAN FIND AN OUTFIT
TO WEAR TO CRYSTAL'S PARTY.
BAM!
WHOO!
[EXHALES]
I'M GETTIN' IT!
RAE, IT'S 89.95.
ACTUALLY, CHELS,
WITH SALES TAX THAT'S...
97.21.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
BAD AT MATH!
OH, NO, NO, NO.
THIS IS NOT MATH, OK?
THIS IS SHOPPING.
AND I'M GETTIN' IT!
JUST GOTTA FIND ONE
IN MY SIZE!
RAE, COME ON.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
THIS TOP.
YES, I CAN. MY DAD
GAVE ME $100
THE OTHER DAY,
AND I AM GETTIN' IT.
THAT MONEY
IS FOR YOUR CALCULATOR.
YEAH. RAE, WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA TELL YOUR DAD?
I'M NOT GONNA
TELL HIM ANYTHING
BECAUSE I'M GONNA
BUY THE TOP NOW,
WEAR IT TONIGHT
TO CRYSTAL'S PARTY,
THEN RETURN IT
TOMORROW.
YEAH! THEN YOU CAN USE
THE MONEY TO BUY
YOUR CALCULATOR.
THAT'S BRILLIANT!
CHELS!
AND WRONG.
WHY IS IT WRONG
AGAIN?
YOU CAN'T BUY SOMETHING
AND PARTY IN IT
IF YOU KNOW
YOU'RE GONNA BRING IT
RIGHT BACK.
YES, I CAN.
YOU KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE I'M GETTIN' IT!
AND IT'S THE ONLY ONE
IN MY SIZE.
COME ON, BABY.
AAH!
ARE YOU OK?
JUST A LITTLE
INTERNAL BLEEDING.
I'M REALLY SORRY. UH...
FRANK.
IT IS PRONOUNCED
FRAHNK.
I WOULD LIKE TO
PURCHASE THIS SHIRT.
OH, REALLY?
GOODY.
NO ONE'SEVER BOUGHT
A BLOUSE HERE BEFORE.
KEEP IN MIND
THAT THE MANNEQUIN
IS NOT INCLUDED.
OH. YEAH.
OF COURSE.
JUST TAKE
THIS TOP OFF.
HERE YA GO.
AAH!
THAT'S GONNA LEAVE
A MARK.
I'M SORRY,
FRANK.
IT'S FRAHNK.
WELL, IT'S THAT TIME
OF YEAR AGAIN.
OH, NO. I HAVE TO
GET MY SHOTS?
NO.
UH...DENTIST?
NO! TOMORROW
IS THE 50 PERCENT OFF
SALE
AT CARRINGTON'S
BOYS' DEPARTMENT.
IT'S TIME FOR OUR ANNUAL
FATHER AND SON
SHOPPING TRIP.
NO!!
SON, WHAT IS WRONG
WITH YOU?
GIMME A SHOT.
PULL MY TEETH.
ANYTHING...
BUT OUR ANNUAL
FATHER AND SON
SHOPPING TRIP!
I THOUGHT YOU LIKED
OUR ANNUAL FATHER
AND SON SHOPPING TRIP.
YEAH!
WHEN I WAS 5.
NOW I'M TOO OLD!
ALL MY FRIENDS
GO SHOPPING
BY THEMSELVES.
NAME ONE.
UH...PETE.
PETE WHO?
PETE SALADBOWL.
HOW COME I NEVER MET
PETE SALADBOWL?
BECAUSE HE'S ALWAYS
OUT SHOPPING
BY HIMSELF.
RAE, DID YOU GET IT?
I SURE DID! AND I'M
ABOUT TO GO UPSTAIRS
AND TRY IT ON!
I MEAN...
I MEAN TRY IT OUT.
SEE IF IT WORKS.
SEE? YOU SEE THAT?
YOU ALWAYS LET RAVEN
GO SHOPPING BY HERSELF.
NO, NO, NO. THAT'S DIFFERENT.
SHE'S OLDER AND MORE
RESPONSIBLE.
LOOK AT HER RUSHING
UP THERE TO DO HER HOMEWORK.
I AM SO PROUD OF YOU,
RAVEN!
Raven: IT FITS!
I MEAN...
IT...CALCULATES.
SO, UH...
THERE'S NO ESCAPING
THIS NIGHTMARE,
IS THERE, DAD?
[CHUCKLES]
THAT'S THE SPIRIT.
WOW, CHELS, LISTEN...
RAE, WOULD YOU COME ON?
WE'RE GONNA BE LATE
FOR THE PARTY
OF THE CENTURY!
SERIOUSLY. AND IF WE
GET THERE NEXT CENTURY,
WE'LL BE TOO OLD
TO DANCE!
UM, RELAX, PEOPLE,
OK?
THANK YOU!
SOME RELAXATION,
'CAUSE A PARTY
AIN'T A PARTY
TILL THE SHIRT
SHOWS UP!
BAM! WHOO!
YES! JUST LIKE
I SAW IT,
ONLY, OF COURSE,
BETTER.
YEAH, YEAH,
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.
LET'S GO TO THE PARTY.
NO, WAIT, WAIT.
I GOTTA PUT ON
THE FINISHING TOUCHES!
OH--
NO! NO! NO!
NO! WHERE DID IT GO?
GET OUT OF THE SHIRT!
GET OUT!
NO!
CAN WE TALK ABOUT THIS
ON THE WAY TO THE PARTY?
WHAT?
EDDIE! I CAN'T
GO TO THE PARTY
LIKE THIS.
I HAVE TO GET
THIS STAIN OUT!
OH, UH, RAE,
DON'T WORRY.
THAT STAIN'LL NEVER
COME OUT.
CHELS, IT HAS TO
'CAUSE I HAVE TO
RETURN IT TOMORROW
SO I CAN GET
MY MONEY BACK
TO BUY THE CALCULATOR!
YA HAD TO GET IT.
WELL, NOW YOU GOT IT.
HOW AM I GONNA
RETURN IT WITH THIS
BIG STAIN ON IT?
TOSS IT AND RUN.
I WANT MY MONEY BACK.
TOSS IT,
GRAB THE MONEY,
AND RUN.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THIS IS ALL MY FAULT,
SO I'M GONNA STAY HERE
AND TRY TO GET
THIS STAIN OUT.
YOU GUYS CAN GO
TO THE PARTY WITHOUT ME.
OK, BYE!
BYE!
HEY, Y'ALL AIN'T
GOIN' NOWHERE!
I KNEW IT WAS
A TRICK!
IS IT COMING OUT?
YEAH!
GREAT.
SHE MEANS THE STAIN.
OH...
NO.
THIS STUFF SPRAYS OUT
REALLY WELL.
IT MUST BE
THE EZ-FLOW NOZZLE.
GIVE ME THAT!
IT ACTUALLY
LOOKS LIKE THE STAIN'S
GETTING BIGGER TO ME.
OH, IT DOES!
[GASPS] OH, NO! MAYBE
THIS IS A STAIN ENLARGER!
CHELS, STOP IT!
I'M GONNA
HAVE TO PUT IT IN
THE WASHING MACHINE.
OH, WAIT. YOU MIND
IF I PUT MY DRAWERS
IN THERE?
NO!
WELL, SHE GONNA DO
THE LOAD ANYWAY.
HEY, RAE.
IS THE STAIN
GONE?
YEP. IT'S GONE.
I'M GLAD I DIDN'T PUT
MY DRAWERS IN THERE!
WELL, WHAT HAPPENED, RAE?
I DON'T KNOW.
I USED EXTRA-HOT WATER
'CAUSE IT WAS EXTRA-STAINED,
AND IT EXTRA-SHRUNK!
NOW YOU NEED
AN EXTRA $100 TO BUY
THAT CALCULATOR.
I CAN'T TELL MY DAD
ABOUT THIS. WE GOTTA
START STRETCHING.
OH, I DON'T KNOW
HOW THAT'S GONNA HELP,
BUT OK...
HEY, CHELS.
I WAS TALKING ABOUT
THETOP!!
OH. THAT MAKES
MORE SENSE.
YEAH!
WE GOTTA WET IT
AND STRETCH IT,
AND IT'LL GO BACK
TO ITS REGULAR SIZE.
IT WILL.
RAE, HOW MUCH LONGER
DO WE HAVE TO DO THIS?
I THINK
WE OVERSTRETCHED.
NO, YOU GUYS,
YOU HAVE TO OVERSTRETCH,
BECAUSE WHEN YOU LET GO,
IT'S GONNA SNAP
BACK INTO SHAPE.
ALL RIGHT, LET GO,
BUT STAND BACK, OK?
OK.
OK, GO!
WAIT, WAIT, JUST A LITTLE
BIT LONGER.
JUST GIVE IT A SECOND.
COME BACK TO ME.
COME BACK.
OH, SNAP!
IT'S NOT SNAPPIN' BACK!
WE GOTTA START OVER.
OH. OH, HERE, RAE.
YOU CAN BORROW
MY LIPSTICK.
NOT THAT PART!
YOU KNOW WHAT? MAYBE
IF I PUT IT BACK
IN THE WASHER,
IT WILL SHRINK BACK
TO ITS NORMAL SIZE!
OH, YEAH,
AND THEN WE CAN GO
TO THE PARTY!
THE PARTY'S BEEN OVER
FORHOURS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I KNOW YOU GUYS
ARE MAD AT ME.
BUT WHEN WE LOOK BACK
ON THIS...
[CHUCKLES]
WE'RE GONNALAUGH!
HA HA HA HA!
AND LAUGH!
HA HA HA HA HA!
I'M GONNA PUT IT
IN THE WASHING MACHINE.
WELL,
IT TOOK ALL NIGHT,
BUT IT LOOKS AS GOOD
AS NEW.
LET'S JUST RETURN IT
AND GET OUT OF HERE.
I KNOW.
'CAUSE IF MY DAD KNEW
I SPENT THAT CALCULATOR
MONEY ON THIS TOP
WHOO! HE WOULD BE--
[GASPS]
RIGHT OVER THERE!
OH, MY GOODNESS!
THAT'S RIGHT, I FORGOT!
TODAY'S THEIR ANNUAL
FATHER/SON SHOPPING TRIP!
WE GOTTA HIDE
BEFORE HE FINDS US.
DAD, THIS IS
SO EMBARRASSING.
I HOPE NO ONE
I KNOW SEES ME
HERE.
CORY, THERE'S LOTS
OF KIDS HERE SHOPPING
WITH THEIR DADS.
DAD...THEY'RE BABIES.
WHAT ABOUT THAT KID
RIGHT THERE?
HE'S ABOUT YOUR AGE.
HIM? HE'S THE DAD.
OH...
COME ON. LET'S JUST
LOOK AROUND.
OH, MY GOODNESS.
THAT WAS A CLOSE ONE.
I JUST WISH THIS WAS
OVER AND THE SHIRT
WAS OUT OF MY HANDS!
[GASPS]
WOW, RAE! NOW WISH
FOR A CALCULATOR.
FOLLOW THAT RACK!
HOLD IT, HOLD IT,
HOLD IT, HOLD IT!
OH, MAN!
NO! GIVE IT BACK!
NO! GET DOWN HERE!
I WORKED TOO HARD FOR YOU!
GIVE IT BACK!
NO!
AAH!
I...AM...SO SORRY!
YOU!
A-ARE YOU OK?
[LISPING] ASIDE...
FROM THE
EXCRUCIATING PAIN...
FROM THIS HOT,
BOILING COFFEE,
I FEEL JUST PEACHY.
UM...IT WAS
AN ACCIDENT, FRANK.
IT'SFRAHNK!
NOW, HOW AM I GONNA
GET THIS STAIN OUT?
OH. WELL, FRANK,
I CAN TELL YOU
WHATNOT TO DO--
NO, WHY...
DID I EVER LEAVE
HOUSE WARES?
NOW, YOU WILL
EXCUSE ME...
BECAUSE I'M GOING TO
GO DOWN TO MY CAR
RIGHT NOW
AND I'M GOING TO
HAVE MYSELF
A GOOD CRY.
LET ME JUST GET--
DUT--DUT--
BUH--UH--DUT--
NOW WHAT?
FOLLOW THAT ELEVATOR!
SO, UH, LADIES,
WHAT BRINGS YOU
TO THE BOYS' DEPARTMENT?
WHERE ELSE DO YOU
LOOK FOR BOYS?
HEY, CORY.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF THESE?
HOW EMBARRASSING.
HATE TO BE
THAT CORY KID.
YEAH, ME, TOO.
HOW EMBARRASSING.
CORY, DID YOU
HEAR ME CALLING YOU?
NOW, THEY SAY
THESE ARE IRREGULARS,
BUT I SAY, WHO CARES?
NOBODY'S GONNA SEE
YOUR UNDERWEAR, RIGHT?
DO I KNOW YOU,
SIR?
[GIGGLING]
OK.
DAD! I CANNOT BELIEVE
YOU JUST TALKED
ABOUT MY UNDERWEAR
IN FRONT OF THOSE GIRLS!
OH! I'M SORRY, SON.
I CAN SEE HOW THAT
CAN BE A LITTLE
EMBARRASSING.
A LITTLE?
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
I'M SURE THEY FORGOT
ALL ABOUT IT.
[LAUGHING]
WANT ME TO
GO OVER THERE
AND TALK TO 'EM?
NO, PLEASE, DAD!
YOU ARE MAKING IT
WORSE!
DAD, I HAVE MY OWN
BANK ACCOUNT,
I DO MY OWN TAXES.
I AM INCORPORATED
IN 3 STATES.
I THINK I CAN HANDLE
PICKING OUT
MY OWN STUFF.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU MAY BE RIGHT.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
YOU CAN GO SHOPPING
ON YOUR OWN
FOR 30 MINUTES,
THEN I'LL COME BACK
AND SEE HOW YOU'RE DOING.
THANK YOU.
MEET YOU
AT THE CASHIER.
I'LL BE THERE.
AND...
NO TALKING TO STRANGERS.
DAD.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
IT'S JUST...
I LOVE YOU, SON.
[GIGGLING]
I SERIOUSLY
DO NOT KNOW THAT MAN.
[SOFTLY] SECURITY.
YES, I GOT IT!
GOOD, RAE!
CAN WE RETURN IT NOW?
NOT TILL I FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO PUT
THE SLEEVE BACK ON.
AW, IT NEVER ENDS!
OH...TOUGH BREAK, RAE.
THE TAILOR'S OUT TO LUNCH.
NO PROBLEM.
I KNOW HOW TO WORK
A SEWING MACHINE.
I'LL DO IT MYSELF.
UH...ARE YOU
SURE, RAE?
IT LOOKS PRETTY
PROFESSIONAL.
CHELS, A SEWING MACHINE
IS A SEWING MACHINE. OK?
THANK YOU!
OH! I SEWED MYSELF
TO THE MACHINE!
OH, MY GOODNESS,
YOU GUYS!
A LITTLE HELP HERE,
PLEASE!
ARE YOU SURE
YOU CAN'T GET OUTTA
THERE BY YOURSELF?
I CAN'T.
I AM SEWED IN!
OH...
IT'S SAFE. LET'S GO.
WHAT, WHAT, WHAT?
YOU GUYS,
COME BACK!
WE HAVE BEEN UP
WITH YOU ALL NIGHT,
LITTLE MISSY!
YEAH, RAE.
WE'RE GONNA GO HOME
AND TAKE A NAP!
WAIT, WAIT, BUT Y'ALL
REMEMBER, WE'RE GONNA
LAUGH ABOUT THIS!
HA HA HA HA HA HA!
BYE!
HOLLER!
[SOBBING]
YOO-HOO! HELLO!
FRANK!
THERE'S A CUSTOMER IN HERE.
HE WANTS HIS SUIT ALTERED.
CAN YOU DO THAT FOR ME?
WE'LL TAKE YOU NOW.
THERE'S A MANIAC
OUT THERE TRYING
TO GET ME.
AND NOW I THINK
I'M SEEING HER EVERYWHERE.
OK...
[GRUNTS]
YES!
[KNOCK, KNOCK]
HELLO.
NO!
ARE YOU THE
SEAMSTRESS?
[HIGH VOICE]SI.
GREAT. DO YOU
SPEAK ENGLISH?
SI.
OK! DO YOU
UNDERSTAND WHAT I
NEED YOU TO DO?
[HIGH VOICE] SEW.
PERFECT. CAN WE
GET STARTED?
¡SI!
OH...UH, GREAT.
THIS IS A NICE SUIT,
ISN'T IT?
¡SI!
UM...W-WHAT'S
YOUR NAME?
SUE.
SUE. THAT FIGURES.
SO, SUE, WHEN WILL
THE SUIT BE READY?
6:00?
6:00. WOW,
THAT'S WONDERFUL.
OK. SO, AM I DONE?
SHOO!
SHOO. OK. UM...
I'M GONNA TAKE
THE SUIT OFF AND LEAVE IT
IN THE DRESSING ROOM.
SEE YOU SOON, SUE.
WHO?
UH, YOU...SUE?
SI.
CHECK IT OUT, DAD.
SO HOW DID I DO?
THAT'S A LOTTA STUFF,
CORY.
DON'T WORRY, DAD.
YOU KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE EVERYTHING
WAS ON SALE.
AND I EVEN GOT
SOME IRREGULARS.
[GIGGLING]
WHAT?
THESE AREN'T MINE.
I'M HOLDING THEM
FOR A FRIEND.
NICE COVER, SON.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU DID A GOOD JOB
SHOPPING.
I THINK YOU MIGHT
BE READY TO GO SOLO.
YOU MEAN IT, DAD?
SERIOUSLY?
YOU MEAN NO MORE
FATHER AND SON ANNUAL
SHOPPING TRIPS?
NOW IT'S THE...
END OF A TRADITION.
I'M GONNA MISS IT.
YEAH.
ME, TOO, DAD.
IT WAS FUN.
YES!
BUT ON THE PLUS SIDE,
I'M HAPPY TO REPORT
THAT I HAVE 2 SUCH
RESPONSIBLE KIDS.
'SCUSE ME.
HI!
MY NIGHTMARE
CONTINUES.
HA HA HA.
NICE TO SEE YOU
AGAIN, TOO, FRANK.
IT'S...
WHATEVER.
I'D LIKE TO RETURN
THE SHIRT, PLEASE.
REALLY? IS THERE
A PROBLEM WITH IT?
NO. NOT AT ALL.
IT'S INPERFECT
CONDITION.
WELL, IF IT'S PERFECT,
WHY DO YOU WANT
TO RETURN IT?
UH...BECAUSE...
IT WASN'T EXACTLY...
REALLY WHAT I WAS
LOOKING FOR...
THE OCCASION
I HAD TO WEAR IT.
VERY WELL.
REALLY?
MM-HMM.
THAT'S IT?
YEAH.
I CAN GET
MY MONEY BACK?
MM-HMM.
OH...[SHRILLY] YAY!
DON'T DANCE...YET.
WHAT YOU NEED
TO SHOW ME
TO GET YOUR MONEY
BACK IS THE RECEIPT.
UH...RECEIPT.
MM-HMM.
I DON'T THINK I HAVE
THE RECEIPT.
OH...
NO RECEIPT?
WELL, THEN, I ONLY
HAVE ONE WORD FOR YOU.
NEXT!
UH-UH! NO!
I AIN'T PLAYING.
STEP BACK, OK?
ACTUALLY...
I LEFT IT IN THE POCKET...
NOW THAT I THINK
ABOUT THE SITUATION.
LET ME JUST GET IT
FOR YOU,
'CAUSE I REALLY NEED
TO GIVE YOU THIS TOP BACK.
JUST WISH I COULD GET
THERECEIPT!
HERE IT IS...
RIGHT HERE.
THAT'S IT?
IT WOULD APPEAR SO.
IT MUST HAVE,
YOU KNOW, SHRUNK
WHEN I WASHED IT.
YOU DID WHAT?
I HAD TO GET RID
OF THE STAIN!
THE STAIN?
RAVEN?
DAD?
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT--
SHE'S TRIED TO PULL
THE WOOL OVER MY EYES.
SHE WORE THIS,
SHE STAINED IT,
SHE WASHED IT,
SHE SHRUNK IT,
AND NOW SHE HAS
THE AUDACITY
TO COME AND TRY
TO RETURN IT!
FRAHNK, WHY? WHY?
RAVEN, IS THIS TRUE?
SI?
OH, DAD. HOW MANY MORE
DISHES DO I HAVE TO DO?
WELL, LET'S SEE.
THE SHIRT COST ME $100
PLUS $100 FOR
THE CALCULATOR.
AND AT A NICKEL A PLATE,
YOU'LL BE DONE BY...
[CHUCKLES]
YOU'LL BE DONE BY THE TIME
YOU FINISH COLLEGE.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[SOBBING]